#!/usr/bin/perl
#
# man-tshark-plugin-pcapsummarizer.pod
#
#		This is a pod file for the pcap-summarizer.lua plugin
#		for Tshark.
#
#	usage:
#		perldoc man-tshark-plugin-pcapsummarizer.pod
#
# Revision History
#	1.0	Initial revision.					200423
#
#	Written by Wayne Morrison, 200423.
#

use strict;

#
# Version information.
#
my $NAME   = "man-tshark-plugin-pcapsummarizer.pod";
my $VERS   = "$NAME version: 1.0";

1;

##############################################################################

=pod

=head1 NAME

B<pcap-summarizer> - B<Tshark> plugin for summarizing network traffic

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  tshark -X lua_script:pcap-summarizer.lua E<lt>optionsE<gt>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<pcap-summarizer.lua> is a Lua plugin for B<Tshark>.  It summarizes data
collected from a network or from a PCAP file.

The following summaries are provided by this script:

=over 4

=item * total count of packets

=item * number of packets seen in a set of well-known protocols

=item * number of unique source addresses seen

=item * number of unique destination addresses seen

=item * number of packets with a particular source address

=item * number of packets with a particular destination address

=item * number of packets sent by a particular source address to a particular destination port

=item * number of packets in a conversation

=item * number of low-to-low port conversations

=item * number of high-to-high port conversations

=item * number of packets in each CIDR address prefix of a specified length

=item * build time-series CSV files of packets in each CIDR address
prefix These files are named B<time-series-src-E<lt>addrstrE<gt>.csv>
and B<time-series-dst-E<lt>addrstrE<gt>.csv>.

=back

The well-known protocols recognized by B<pcap-summarizer.lua> are:

=over 4

=item * FTP

=item * SSH

=item * TELNET

=item * SMTP

=item * TIME

=item * NAME

=item * WHOIS

=item * DNS

=item * TFTP

=item * HTTP

=item * POP2

=item * POP3

=item * SFTP

=item * NTP

=item * IMAP

=item * SNMP

=item * SNMPTRAP

=item * BGP

=item * IMAP3

=item * LDAP

=item * HTTPS

=item * SYSLOG

=item * LDAPS

=item * FTPSDATA

=item * FTPS

=item * TELNETS

=item * IMAPS

=item * POP3S

=item * SSDP

=back

IANA provides guidelines for how port numbers should be used.  These are:

=over 4

=item * lowest well-known port -    0

=item * highest well-known port - 1023

=item * lowest registered port - 1024

=item * highest registered port - 49151

=item * lowest dynamic port - 49152

=item * highest dynamic port - 65535

=back

This script was created for the GAWSEED project, part of the CHASE program.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<pcap-summarizer.lua> takes several options.  These options must be
given in the "-option=value" format, passed to B<Tshark>'s I<-X> option.

For example, running B<pcap-summarizer.lua> with several options would look
like this:

    tshark -r foo.pcap -X lua_script:pcap-summarizer.lua -X lua_script1:-save=/tmp/pcap.summary -X lua_script1:-cidr=/24 -X lua_script1:-timedir=csvfiles -X lua_script1:-slotlen=600

The options recognized by B<pcap-summarizer.lua> are:

=over 4

=item * B<-cidr=E<lt>prefix-sizeE<gt>>

Specify the length of the IPv4 address prefix.

E.g., -cidr=/24

=item * B<-end=E<lt>end-timestampE<gt>>

Specify the final timestamp to be examined.

E.g., -end=2/14/19,18:00

=item * B<-save=E<lt>output-fileE<gt>>

Provide the name of an output file.

E.g., -save=/tmp/pcap.summary

=item * B<-slotlen=E<lt>secondsE<gt>>

Give the number of seconds in each time slot.

E.g., -slotlen=180

=item * B<-start=E<lt>start-timestampE<gt>>

Specify the first timestamp to be examined.

E.g., -start=2/14/19,8:00

=item * B<-timedir=E<lt>directoryE<gt>>

Set the directory name for the directory to hold the time-series CSV counts.
The current directory is used if this isn't set.

E.g., -timedir=chrono-dir

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wayne Morrison, Wayne.Morrison@parsons.com

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<Tshark(1)>

B<https://wiki.wireshark.org/Lua/Taps>

=cut

