#!/usr/bin/perl
#
# man-wireshark-plugin-dnsflows.pod
#		This is a pod file for the dns-flows.lua Wireshark plugin.
#
#	usage:
#		perldoc man-wireshark-plugin-dnsflows.pod
#
# Revision History
#	1.0	Initial revision.					200428
#
#	Written by Wayne Morrison, 200428.
#

use strict;

#
# Version information.
#
my $NAME   = "man-wireshark-plugin-dnsflows.pod";
my $VERS   = "$NAME version: 1.0";

1;

##############################################################################

=pod

=head1 NAME

B<dns-flows.lua> - Display packet flows in B<Wireshark> 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<dns-flows.lua> is a plugin for B<Wireshark>.  It displays in a dialog box
the flows of DNS packets that occur between pairs of hosts.  B<dns-flows.lua>
registers a menu item in B<Wireshark>'s Tools/GAWSEED menu, and selecting this
menu item invokes this plugin.

For each packet flow, the dialog box contains the source address, the
destination address, the port, and the elapsed time from the beginning
of the packet capture until that particular packet was sent.

This same data is written to a plugin-specific log file, but in a slightly
less pretty format.  This output includes the packet number, which is also
how that output is sorted.  The filename is defined in the I<LOGFILE>
variable.  By default, this is B</tmp/save.dns-flows>, but it may be
set as desired.

The I<logpackets> variable in B<dns-flows.lua> turns on or off the logging
of ethernet, IP, and UDP portions of the packet.  This is primarily useful
for debugging so is turned off by default.

Since B<dns-flows.lua> is loaded as a plugin, it must be specified in a
I<load> command in a B<Wireshark> configuration file.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<dns-flows.lua> takes no options.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wayne Morrison, Wayne.Morrison@parsons.com

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<Wireshark(1)>

B<gawseed.conf(5)>

=cut

