#!/usr/bin/perl
#
# man-tshark-cmd-pcapsummopts.pod
#			This is a pod file for the pcapsumm-opts script.  It
#			is a front-end to the pcap-summarizer.lua plugin for
#			the Tshark command.
#
#	usage:
#		perldoc man-tshark-cmd-pcapsummopts.pod
#
# Revision History
#	1.0	Initial revision.					200427
#
#	Written by Wayne Morrison, 200427.
#

use strict;

#
# Version information.
#
my $NAME   = "man-tshark-cmd-pcapsummopts.pod";
my $VERS   = "$NAME version: 1.0";

1;

##############################################################################

=pod

=head1 NAME

B<pcapsumm-opts> - front-end to the B<pcap-summarizer.lua> plugin for the B<Tshark> command

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  pcapsumm-opts [pcap-file]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<pcapsumm-opts> is a simple front-end to the B<pcap-summarizer.lua> plugin
for the B<Tshark> command, which is used to gather information about network
traffic.

This script is modeled after B<pcapsummary>, except that B<pcap-summopts>
includes the I<-cidr>, I<-slotlen>, and I<-timedir> options.  Its primary
intent is to demonstrate the use of several of the options for
B<pcap-summarizer.lua>.

If a PCAP file isn't given on the command line, then B<pcapsumm-opts> will
default to reading the B<wireshark.pcap> file.

B<pcapsumm-opts> assumes it is being run in the same directory as the
B<pcap-summarizer.lua> plugin file.

B<pcapsumm-opts> is hardcoded to run the B<pcap-summarizer.lua> plugin with
the following options:

    -save=/tmp/pcap.summary
    -cidr=/24
    -timedir=csvfiles
    -slotlen=600

=head1 OPTIONS

B<pcapsumm-opts> takes no options.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wayne Morrison, Wayne.Morrison@parsons.com

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<pcap-summarizer.lua(1)>,
B<Tshark(1)>

=cut

