#!/usr/bin/perl
#
# man-tshark-cmd-pcapsummtimes.pod
#			This is a pod file for the pcapsumm-times script.  It
#			is a front-end to the pcap-summarizer.lua plugin for
#			the Tshark command.
#
#	usage:
#		perldoc man-tshark-cmd-pcapsummtimes.pod
#
# Revision History
#	1.0	Initial revision.					200427
#
#	Written by Wayne Morrison, 200427.
#

use strict;

#
# Version information.
#
my $NAME   = "man-tshark-cmd-pcapsummtimes.pod";
my $VERS   = "$NAME version: 1.0";

1;

##############################################################################

=pod

=head1 NAME

B<pcapsumm-times> - front-end to the B<pcap-summarizer.lua> plugin for the B<Tshark> command

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  pcapsumm-times [pcap-file]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<pcapsumm-times> is a simple front-end to the B<pcap-summarizer.lua> plugin
for the B<Tshark> command, which is used to gather information about network
traffic.

This script is modeled after B<pcapsummary>, except that B<pcapsumm-times>
includes the I<-start>, I<-end>, and I<-save> options.  Its primary intent
is to demonstrate the use of several of the options for B<pcap-summarizer.lua>.

If a PCAP file isn't given on the command line, then B<pcapsumm-times> will
default to reading the B<wireshark.pcap> file.

B<pcapsumm-times> assumes it is being run in the same directory as the
B<pcap-summarizer.lua> plugin file.

B<pcapsumm-times> is hardcoded to run the B<pcap-summarizer.lua> plugin with
the following options:

	-save=/tmp/pcap.summary
	-start=1/12/19,20:00
	-end=1/13/19,2:00

Obviously, to make real use of B<pcapsumm-times> the timestamps for the
I<start> and I<end> options must be updated. 

=head1 OPTIONS

B<pcapsumm-times> takes no options.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wayne Morrison, Wayne.Morrison@parsons.com

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<pcap-summarizer.lua(1)>,
B<Tshark(1)>

=cut

