#!/usr/bin/perl
#
# man-wireshark-plugin-packetflows.pod
#		This is a pod file for the packet-flows.lua wireshark plugin.
#
#	usage:
#		perldoc man-wireshark-plugin-packetflows.pod
#
# Revision History
#	1.0	Initial revision.					200428
#
#	Written by Wayne Morrison, 200428.
#

use strict;

#
# Version information.
#
my $NAME   = "man-wireshark-plugin-packetflows.pod";
my $VERS   = "$NAME version: 1.0";

1;

##############################################################################

=pod

=head1 NAME

B<packet-flows.lua> - Display packet flows in B<Wireshark> 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<packet-flows.lua> is a plugin for B<Wireshark>.  It displays in a dialog
box the packet flows that occur between pairs of hosts.  B<packet-flows.lua>
registers a menu item in B<Wireshark>'s Tools/GAWSEED menu, and selecting
this menu item invokes this plugin.

For each packet flow, the dialog box contains the source address, the
destination address, the port, and the elapsed time from the beginning of the
packet capture until that particular packet was sent.  Well-known ports are
translated to names, rather than left as port numbers; for example, "dns" and
"ntp" will be used when the port are 53 and 123.  The output in the dialog box
is for a given originator/target pair is clearly separated from other pairs.

This same data is written to a plugin-specific log file, but in a slightly
less pretty format.  This output includes the packet number, which is also
how that output is sorted.  The filename is defined in the I<LOGFILE>
variable.  By default, this is B</tmp/save.packet-flows>, but it may be
set as desired.

Since B<packet-flows.lua> is loaded as a plugin, it must be specified in a
I<load> command in a B<Wireshark> configuration file.

The well-known protocols recognized by B<packet-flows.lua> are:

=over 4

=item * FTP

=item * SSH

=item * TELNET

=item * SMTP

=item * TIME

=item * NAME

=item * WHOIS

=item * DNS

=item * TFTP

=item * HTTP

=item * POP2

=item * POP3

=item * SFTP

=item * NTP

=item * IMAP

=item * SNMP

=item * SNMPTRAP

=item * BGP

=item * IMAP3

=item * LDAP

=item * HTTPS

=item * SYSLOG

=item * LDAPS

=item * FTPSDATA

=item * FTPS

=item * TELNETS

=item * IMAPS

=item * POP3S

=item * SSDP

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

B<packet-flows.lua> takes no options.

=head1 AUTHOR

Wayne Morrison, Wayne.Morrison@parsons.com

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<wireshark(1)>

B<gawseed.conf(5)>

=cut

