#!/usr/bin/perl
#
# man-tshark-plugin-pcapdns.pod
#		This is a pod file for the pcap-dns Tshark plugin.
#
#	usage:
#		perldoc man-tshark-plugin-pcapdns.pod
#
# Revision History
#	1.0	Initial revision.					200424
#
#	Written by Wayne Morrison, 200424.
#

use strict;

#
# Version information.
#
my $NAME   = "man-tshark-plugin-pcapdns.pod";
my $VERS   = "$NAME version: 1.0";

1;

##############################################################################

=pod

=head1 NAME

B<pcap-dns> - B<Tshark> plugin tap for collecting DNS protocol information

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  tshark -X lua_script:pcap-summarizer.lua <options>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<pcap-dns.lua> is a plugin tap for B<Tshark>.  It collects information from
DNS packets.  Two types of information are recorded -- one-way data flows and
name-element information.

Information about DNS data flows consists of the source address, the
destination address, the destination port, and the relative time of the
packet in the data stream.  Different data are recorded for the
source/destination pair than the destination/source pair.

The DNS name elements data recorded are the queried hostname, the number
of elements in that hostname, the query type, and the query class.

Caveat:  This plugin was mid-development when project needs forced a
redirection of effort.  There is a lot of intermediate informational
output that is displayed along with the final report. 

=head1 OPTIONS

B<pcap-dns> takes the following options:

=over 4

=item * I<-dnsflows>

Turns on recording of DNS flows.                       

=item * I<-nameelts>

Turns on recording of name elements. 

=item * I<-plog=E<lt>protocolE<gt>>

Logs data from the specified protocols.  The protocol must be one of
"ether", "ip", "tcp", "udp", or "dns".

=item * I<-save=E<lt>logfileE<gt>>

Specifies a file to which B<pcap-dns.lua> output will be written.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Wayne Morrison, Wayne.Morrison@parsons.com

=head1 SEE ALSO

B<Tshark(1)>

=cut

